[docs] add YCQL example (#9997)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-basics/create-databases.md

> ---

Reviewer: Same comments as the other file apply to this one...

title: Create and explore a database
headerTitle: Create and explore a database using YSQL
linkTitle: Create a database
description: Create and explore a database using YSQL.
headcontent:
image: /images/section_icons/quick_start/explore_ysql.png
aliases:
  - /latest/deploy/yugabyte-cloud/create-databases/
  - /latest/yugabyte-cloud/create-databases/
menu:
  latest:
    parent: cloud-basics
    name: Create a database
    identifier: create-databases-1-ysql
    weight: 60
type: page
isTocNested: true
showAsideToc: true
---

<ul class="nav nav-tabs-alt nav-tabs-yb">

  <li >
    <a href="../create-databases/" class="nav-link active">
      <i class="icon-postgres" aria-hidden="true"></i>
      YSQL
    </a>
  </li>

 <li >
    <a href="../create-databases-ycql/" class="nav-link">
      <i class="icon-cassandra" aria-hidden="true"></i>
      YCQL
    </a>
  </li>
  
</ul>

Using the `ysqlsh` shell, you can interact with your YugabyteDB database using the YSQL API. The following exercise shows how you can use ysqlsh to create a database, load a sample dataset, and run a simple query.

> Sample datasets that you can use to test out YugabyteDB are located in the `share` directory of your YugabyteDB Client Shell installation. The datasets are provided in the form of SQL script files. (The datasets are also available in the [sample directory of the YugabyteDB GitHub repository](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/tree/master/sample)). This exercise uses the [Retail Analytics](../../../develop/realworld-apps/retail-analytics/) dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your YugabyteDB client shell installation includes sample datasets you can use to test out YugabyteDB. These are located in the `share` directory. The datasets are provided in the form of SQL script files. (The datasets are also available in the [sample directory of the YugabyteDB GitHub repository](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/tree/master/sample)). This exercise uses the [Retail Analytics](../../../develop/realworld-apps/retail-analytics/) dataset.
```
